Roof Builder is copyright (c) 1996-2005  MDinc aka Morozov Dmitry.  All rights 
reserved.
"Roof Builder" is trademark of MS companies.

IMPORTANT - READ CAREFULLY

This license statement and limited warranty constitutes a legal agreement ("License 
Agreement") between you ("Licensee", either as an individual or a single entity) and 
MDinc ("Licensor"), owner of the brand "MS Companies", for the software product 
Roof Builder ("Software") of which MDinc is the copyright holder.

The Web Site referred to in this agreement is http://www.roofbuilder.net

BY INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU 
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
LICENSE AGREEMENT.

Upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the License Agreement, 
MDinc grants you the right to use the Software in the manner provided below.

If you do not accept the terms and conditions of the License Agreement, you are to 
promptly delete each and any copy of the Software from your computer(s).

This license agreement only applies to the software product "Roof Builder" and not 
to any other product even if that product is similar to Roof Builder and has a similar 
name.

The Licensor reserves the right to license the same Software to other individuals or 
entities under a different license agreement.

After accepting this license agreement, the Licensee is permitted to use the 
Software under the terms of this agreement for no more than sixty (60) days, and for 
evaluation purposes only, without payment to the Licensor.  For this purpose, the 
Licensor provides a special free trial version of the Software that can be freely 
downloaded from the Licensor's web site.

If the Licensee wishes to use the software for more than sixty (60) days and/or for 
purposes other than evaluating the Software, the Licensee must purchase a single 
user license.  This license bears the name of the licensed person or entity and is not 
transferable to any other party.  Pricing and availability is subject to change without 
prior notice.  The Licensee can consult the most recent pricing information at 
http://roofbuilder.firma-ms.ru/Roof_Builder/lic.shtml

If a single user license was bought, the Licensee has the option of installing the 
Software on a single machine possibly used by one or more persons, or installing the 
Software on several machines used exclusively by a single person.  Any 
combination of these options, or installing the Software on a network server, is not 
permitted.

Regardless of the number of licenses bought, the Licensee has right to place an 
additional copy of the Software on a removable medium for backup purposes to 
protect the investment made.

Technical support is available directly from the Licensor at no additional charge.  
When encountering problems, the Licensee must first visit the Web Site and read 
the information presented there to make sure the question or problem is not already 
answered there.  If not, the licensee may write to technical support email address 
with his question in either the English or Dutch language.

The Software is provided "as is". In no event shall the Licensor or any of his 
affiliates be liable for any consequential, special, incidental or indirect damages of 
any kind arising out of the delivery, performance or use of this Software, to the 
maximum extent permitted by applicable law.  While the Software has been 
developed with great care, it is not possible to warrant that the Software is error free. 
 The Software is not designed or intended to be used in any activity that may cause 
personal injury, death or any other severe damage or loss.

When errors are found in the Software, the Licensor will release a new version of 
the Software that no longer contains those errors a reasonable amount of time after 
the Licensor is given an accurate description of those errors.  Which amount of time 
is reasonable will depend on the complexity and severity of the errors.  The Licensor 
will mention the release on the Web Site and, at the Licensor's option, directly 
contact the Licensee to announce the new release.  The Licensee can then, at 
their option, upgrade to the latest version or to continue to use the older version the 
Licensee already has.  In either case, no payment to the Licensor is required.  In the 
latter case, the Licensee will no longer be entitled to technical support until the 
Licensee has upgraded to the latest version.

The Licensor reserves the right to charge an upgrade fee in the case of major new 
enhancements or additions to the Software.  This major new version will then start a 
new version line that will use version numbers clearly distinguishable from the old 
version line.  The Licensee has no obligation to upgrade to the new version line and 
the Licensor will continue to make the latest version of the previous version line 
available for download to Licensee.

You must not attempt to reverse compile, modify, translate or disassemble the 
Software in whole or in part.  You must not run the Software under a debugger or 
similar tool allowing you to inspect the inner workings of the Software.

The Software remains the exclusive property of the Licensor.  Any Licensee who 
fully complies with the terms in this license agreement may use it according to the 
terms of this license agreement.  You must not give copies of the Software or your 
license key to other persons or entities.  You must not transfer the Software or your 
license key to another person or entity.  You must also take reasonable steps to 
prevent any third party from copying the software from one of your machines without 
your permission.

You may distribute the free evaluation version of the Software that is available for 
public download on the Web Site at the moment that you do distribute it, on the 
condition that you do this by making identical copies of the downloaded file(s).  
Public download means any file that can be downloaded by browsing to the Web 
Site and navigating through the links visible on the page, without the use of any 
password or identification that you may type in or that may be automatically supplied 
by your browser if you have typed it in before.

You must not ask payment for the act of distributing the evaluation version of the 
Software or for the evaluation version itself.  You may ask a reasonable contribution 
to cover your expenses in material, shipping and communication costs.  You must 
make it clear to the recipient that you are sending an evaluation version and that 
the recipient will have to accept a license agreement in order to evaluate it, and 
make payment in order to fully use the Software.  You must not distribute the 
evaluation version by making it part of a larger package, unless that package is a 
collection of free evaluation software and other software that does not require 
payment.

The Licensor reserves the right to revoke your license if you violate any or all of the 
terms of this license agreement, without prior notice.
